{
"Beceriler_Aldatıcı": [ "Bluffing", "Disguise", "Acting", "Lying", "Emotion Concealment" ],
"Beceriler_Aldatıcı_Doc": [ "Even the reading of your facial expressions can mean losing the game. It not only applies at the poker table but also keeps you one step ahead in life, always.", "You can take on any role with both your clothes and your demeanor. Perhaps even now, we don't know your real identity?", "Thanks to your ability to always keep emotions under control, you are a master at portraying any character. There's no role you can't convince anyone of, all thanks to your acting skills.", "Little white lies? Big lies? They're all the same to you. You're so good at lying that maybe we're not even aware that you might be lying to us right now.", "No one can read your true feelings. Whether you're happy, angry, or sad is never evident. This way, you always stay in control and never give away a hint." ],
"Beceriler_All": [ "Athletics", "Side Cutter", "Communication Network", "Production", "Deceptive", "Driver", "Empathy", "Combat", "Investigation", "Science", "Awareness", "Physics", "Provocation", "Adaptation", "Materialism", "Marksmanship", "Stealth", "Willpower" ],
"Beceriler_All_Doc": [ "This generally signifies that your character has a slightly more active lifestyle than an average person. You run errands or even had a quick snack on the ladder while repairing the roof during the day.", "This skill tree denotes that your life started on the streets and in harsh conditions or that your character has a passion for theft. After all, theft requires a lot of skill.", "This skill tree indicates that you always stay close to everyone significant in your past and future. After all, everyone you know will know other people.", "Those with this skill tree know how to use the hidden beauties of every object. People with this skill tree can make use of those hidden beauties.", "Beautiful glances, sweet and sly smiles, perhaps tears shed between the fake and the real. Characters with this skill tree.", "Some creatures really make a good pair with humans. Especially for someone with this skill, horses are more important. Horses play a significant role, especially in narrow streets with parked horse carriages these days.", "Understanding people in front of us is mysterious for us. What they experience inside is always hidden. If you have this skill tree, the lid will open easily for you.", "Sometimes in the middle of a dusty wooden ring surrounded by dusty ropes, sometimes in an unknown alley, if you want to tell about the many people who regret encountering them, you should choose this skill tree.", "Life is covered with small details. Just like broken glass shattering into pieces when it falls on the ground. When most people see a broken wine glass, they pick up the pieces to complete it when they hold it in their hands. But if you have this skill tree, you'll only notice that the pieces are missing. Tiny and small pieces are always forgotten somewhere.", "Art, culture, science, and many others are the features that distinguish humans from other creatures. But beyond art, this skill tree will make you different from them. You will think differently from them. Your eyes are incredible.", "Some admire the light, colors, and beauty of the room they enter. However, you become a dominant eye in the room and integrate with the room and its occupants as if your body is one with the room.", "Being strong is the top priority for you. You want a world where there is nothing you can't overthrow with your fists. You either live for it or lose yourself while dealing with it.", "A complete loudmouth, you are. They can never worry you. But you live to drive them crazy with your tongue. What you enjoy is not them being your toys, isn't it?", "You are extremely calm and liked by those around you. Perhaps it wasn't like this from the beginning, but you are like this now. People around you are influenced by you. The direction in which you will influence them is another matter.", "Ah, are these little people trying to take a piece of you, or do they not know the value of the pieces they are trying to tear away from the world? Your mind is not confused; it's just that if you take control of the economy, everything will be solved.", "Explore, observe, and analyze. This new technology should not be taken lightly, especially with your abilities. Of course, you had a good eye even without the smell of gunpowder.", "Hey, wow. Oh, you're here; I didn't notice you had this skill. You used to disappear from my sight. If I need to explain, you can prove right here that you're not even here.", "Ah, the balance of mind and power. The true symbol of power. Isn't willpower a beautiful word? After all, everyone who rises without dealing with other jobs is after it. Just don't get too carried away; madness is also after it." ],
"Beceriler_Atletizm": [ "Physical Strength", "Running", "Jumping", "Climbing", "Swimming", "Evading" ],
"Beceriler_Atletizm_Doc": [ "You are inclined towards tasks that require physical strength. People like you are like superheroes with extraordinary physical strength, giving them an advantage in challenging sports and competitions.", "Your running skill is above average. Your speed is faster than even your thinking speed. When you run in races, other competitors will be left in your dust.", "Jumping a few times may tire most people, but not you. There is no limit to your jumping ability. You can easily overcome obstacles you want to jump over with your jumping power.", "Climbing is not like climbing stairs. You can climb surfaces that you can hold on to. Climbing is your second nature. If there's something to climb, you're ready to climb it.", "Not everyone can swim. Still, there are those who know. You are among those who know. You are a real sea creature when it comes to swimming. You swim in the water like a fish, and even if there is an obstacle, you can overcome it.", "When you were a child, you managed to dodge the slippers thrown by your mother, and as you grew older, you became very good at avoiding the slaps thrown by girls when they rejected you." ],
"Beceriler_Dövüş": [ "One-on-One", "Far East", "Cutting/Piercing", "Tactical", "Size Doesn't Matter" ],
"Beceriler_Dövüş_Doc": [ "When facing an opponent in combat, the only thing that matters to you is confronting a single adversary. Even in a fight with multiple enemies, you focus solely on one opponent, as for you, each enemy represents a move ahead.", "You excel in Far Eastern martial arts techniques. Striking a perfect balance between soft and hard techniques, you can surprise your opponents. Additionally, you enter combat with a calm and prepared mind through meditation.", "The sharpness of your attacks cuts through enemies. Each move evokes a feeling akin to a sharp blade, or perhaps the hidden knife in your pocket ensures that your opponent cannot escape.", "You stand out in battle with your tactical prowess. Planning each move carefully, you can confound your opponents. Moreover, you defeat your enemies by capitalizing on their own mistakes.", "The length of your neck is not important to you. Regardless of how large the enemy may be, you quickly identify their weak points and target your attacks against them." ],
"Beceriler_Empati": [ "Understanding and empathy", "Compassion", "Doesn't swallow lies", "Emotion reading", "Understanding of psychology", "Social Entrepreneur" ],
"Beceriler_Empati_Doc": [ "You are one of those rare individuals who can understand what people are feeling. You can not only grasp what they say but also read the unspoken words. Thanks to your empathic abilities, understanding people is never difficult for you.", "You are always compassionate towards people. You go out of your way to rescue any suffering animal you come across on the street. You show the same sensitivity towards people.", "Lying is a waste of time for you. You can immediately spot every lie told. You also avoid falling into the trap of people who tell lies.", "From eye contact, body language, facial expressions, you can immediately understand people's emotions. Without them saying a word, you can know what they are feeling.", "Human psychology is a puzzle for you. You can decipher the reasons behind behaviors. By understanding others' thoughts, you can assist them in a better way.", "Creating positive changes in society with your innovative ideas is a passion for you. You work towards helping people, making their lives easier, and making the world a better place. Social responsibility is a lifestyle for you. Even when no one speaks up, you always have something to say." ],
"Beceriler_Farkındalık": [ "Environmental perception", "Knowing your surroundings", "Initiative", "Consciousness", "Seizing opportunities", "No hidden agenda" ],
"Beceriler_Farkındalık_Doc": [ "Everyone sees what's in front of them, but you also see what others may not. You can notice the sparkle in the eyes of a stray dog.", "While everyone knows what's happening around them, you know what everything around you is, where it came from, and which trees host which birds.", "You have the self-confidence needed to seize every opportunity that comes your way. When life gives you lemons, you turn them into lemonade.", "You always carefully choose your thoughts, words, and actions. If someone asks you what you think, your answer is always ready.", "For you, anything is not just an object or a situation; it's also an opportunity. Seizing opportunities is one of your hobbies.", "Nothing is hidden or secret for you. You can immediately understand the true meaning and feelings behind what people say. Even if someone asks you how well-read you are, you can understand the real answer they're giving you." ],
"Beceriler_Fizik": [ "Strength", "Endurance", "Physical Stress" ],
"Beceriler_Fizik_Doc": [ "You are so strong that you can accidentally break something you touch. Even your favorite object can turn to dust between your fingers.", "Your endurance is so high that nothing can harm you. But if one day you forget to turn your face and collide with a huge wall, the wall may break, but your head might explode.", "Your body is so accustomed to physical stress that you don't feel any pain. However, the sounds you make with the slightest strain might make even Mariah Carey jealous." ],
"Beceriler_Gizlilik": [ "Hiding", "Stealth", "Camouflage", "Silent", "Unnoticed" ],
"Beceriler_Gizlilik_Doc": [ "You're not a camouflage master, but thanks to your hiding skills, you can disappear in everything around you. The only question in your mind is, 'Is there a forgotten chocolate somewhere here?'", "Stealth is a way of life for you. If people can't see you, you can't see them either. Are you the mysterious creature always lurking around?", "Like a panther, you are a privacy expert who can adapt to your surroundings. In any environment you enter, you quickly find a suitable camouflage. Perhaps even chameleons might learn something from you one day.", "Your silence is so mysterious and impressive that it even makes a ninja envious. You always have an incomprehensible, unique sound. Although it's a bit sad that people around you can't notice you, it can help you find your way in the dark.", "Hiding doesn't mean much to you; not being noticed is everything. You are such a master of stealth that people can pass by without noticing you. But one day, when someone notices you, everyone will see your true power." ],
"Beceriler_İletişimağı": [ "Visibility", "Group leader", "Group underdog", "Espionage", "Favoritism", "Streetwise" ],
"Beceriler_İletişimağı_Doc": [ "Everyone knows you. Maybe that's why you could be under police surveillance, but at least you might be famous.", "You always want to be a leader. With your self-confidence and charismatic personality, you can lead everyone.", "Unfortunately, every group needs an underdog, and you are that person. But maybe this could be an advantage for you because everyone stops targeting you.", "Learning secrets is like a game for you. You can quietly gather information without getting caught.", "If something needs to be shared, you are always ahead. Your sharing personality makes people like you.", "You grew up on the streets and have used every trick to survive. This allows you to survive and overcome difficulties." ],
"Beceriler_İlim": [ "Knowledge", "Education", "History", "Languages", "Beliefs", "Laws" ],
"Beceriler_İlim_Doc": [ "Your knowledge is so vast that they always look for you when playing Trivial Pursuit. But you might get crushed in other games.", "Come on, it seems like you've never left school. You always do your homework and please the teachers.", "Your history knowledge is so good that you can even deport Alexander by going back in time. But you might struggle with today's history.", "When it comes to languages, you're a masterpiece. Learning several languages feels like child's play to you. But people might find you a bit strange.", "You know religions so well that you could take a priest's job. But atheists may not like you much.", "Your knowledge of the law is so good that you can speak like a judge in a courtroom. But the police might be able to follow you without you noticing." ],
"Beceriler_İnceleme": [ "Research", "Identification and verification", "Evidence gathering", "Quick learning", "Object finding", "Analysis" ],
"Beceriler_İnceleme_Doc": [ "Researching a topic is child's play for you. Whether through newspaper clippings, source books, or a love letter, you can become an expert on the subject.", "Identifying and verifying something is your job. You not only see what you see but also check if it's true.", "You are quite successful in gathering evidence. By conducting examinations, obtaining information from reliable sources, and carefully observing, you collect evidence.", "You are excellent at learning quickly when you need to acquire information about a new topic. Thanks to your quick wit and learning skills, you can understand the subject in a short time.", "Finding a lost item is your job. Through thorough investigations and using your analytical skills, you can easily find lost items.", "Analyzing a subject is child's play for you. You examine in detail, gather information, and reach a conclusion. Sometimes, you can even understand what's missing." ],
"Beceriler_İrade": [ "Focus", "Unprovokable", "Mental stress" ],
"Beceriler_İrade_Doc": [ "Concentration is the most important thing in life for you. So much so that you are so focused that you can lose your thoughts even while chatting with friends.", "Being provoked is out of the question for someone as calm as you. Being able to look at events from a broad perspective, you focus on solving problems without unnecessarily stressing yourself.", "Mental stress is part of survival for you. Although everything seems fine from the outside, no one knows the storms going on in your mind. But don't worry, you are strong, and you will learn to deal with stress before you die. You must learn it before you die." ],
"Beceriler_Materyelizm": [ "Wealthy", "Material possessions", "Bribery", "Luxury items", "Elite", "Valuer" ],
"Beceriler_Materyelizm_Doc": [ "You are not someone who can be happy with what you have, no matter what. You don't need money, but you still want it, and you know that money doesn't make you happy.", "Of course, being a homeowner, owning a car is nice, but you also value other things in your life. After all, you have everything that can be bought with money.", "You are a person committed to ethical values. Giving bribes to influence others or gain something never crosses your mind. I sent you my IBAN as a message.", "Luxury items are nice, but you know that they are only temporary. You realize that buying all those things doesn't really bring you inner peace.", "Being superior to others is not important to you. You have self-confidence, and you don't need to compare your worth with the values of others. You are perfect as you are.", "For you, spiritual values are as important as material values. However, you will quickly understand the material value of something. After all, for some, everything is carried on their values." ],
"Beceriler_Nişancılık": [ "Long-range combat", "Firearms", "Long-barreled", "Heavy weapon enthusiast", "Good thrower", "Targeting master" ],
"Beceriler_Nişancılık_Doc": [ "You love long-distance battles, and sometimes you might prefer to be far away from the battlefield. Who knows, maybe soon machines will be made for war, and they will be under your command!", "Weapons are your best friends. You know which weapon to use in which situation, and you might even have a collection of weapons.", "For you, the longer the barrel of the weapon, the better. For you, the trace of the bullet means a longer barrel.", "Most of the weapons you love cannot be carried by other people. But for someone like you, this is not a problem!", "You don't just settle for using weapons; you can also throw objects well. If your shot misses, no one can take you off target.", "No target is unreachable for you. Your ability to choose the right target works not only in marksmanship but also in life." ],
"Beceriler_Provakasyon": [ "Intimidation", "Taunting", "Leadership/Command", "Defamation", "Swearing", "Embarrassment" ],
"Beceriler_Provakasyon_Doc": [ "Everyone looks away when they see you. Facing you requires courage.", "You don't have the luxury of holding back your words. You can corner everyone with your words.", "You were born as a leader who can always assert yourself. People long to obey your orders.", "People think you're lying, but you just distort the truth. Hiding the truth is an art for you.", "You use words like sharp swords and hurt people with your words. There are very few people who don't want to argue with you.", "People around you are constantly in defense mode. You drown them in shame and leave them in awe." ],
"Beceriler_Şöför": [ "Vehicles", "Driver", "Sailing", "Horse riding", "Races", "Solid maneuvers" ],
"Beceriler_Şöför_Doc": [ "Cars, motorcycles, boats, bicycles... For you, vehicles are not just transportation; they are also works of art. You know the features and performance of each one in fine detail.", "Braking distances, road conditions... A driver like you, taking all these into account, can always choose the safest and fastest route. You not only know traffic rules but also apply them skillfully.", "You can feel the power of the wind, the direction of the waves. Using sails, ropes, and masts, you can make a yacht or boat dance. At the same time, you are one of the rare people who can use the stars to navigate when lost at sea.", "Horses are like friends to you. You know which horse to ride in which style. In races or daily horse rides, you always have control.", "As a racer like you, you will do anything to win. You analyze your competitors, thoroughly examine your vehicle, and constantly improve your driving skills. No one can keep up with your speed and skills!", "Making sudden maneuvers with a car or motorcycle is your job. Quick turns, slaloms, flying over ramps... Thanks to your skills, you can overcome any kind of difficulty." ],
"Beceriler_Uyum": [ "Persuasion", "Charisma", "Witty language", "Impressive", "Inspirational", "Unaffected by elites" ],
"Beceriler_Uyum_Doc": [ "If someone wants to persuade you, you also have the skill to persuade them. Your persuasive ability is so high that the only game you can play is not just Chess; you can even win the US President to your side.", "Your charismatic personality makes people compete to be with you. Even cats gather around you and look at you with admiration.", "Your language is so witty that instead of answering a question asked to you, you can answer it by turning it into another question. Thanks to this skill, you always amaze everyone.", "Your impressive personality causes people to gather around you. More importantly, what you say leaves a lasting impact on people's lives.", "Your success is a source of inspiration for others. Everyone wants to follow in your footsteps and rush to celebrate your achievements.", "You only include yourself in an elite group and don't care if others are elite or not. Also, regardless of how famous or rich someone is, you are not influenced by them, and you do not wear yourself out envying their lives." ],
"Beceriler_Üretim": [ "Construction", "Repair", "Item knowledge", "Engineering mindset", "A bit of everything", "Appraiser" ],
"Beceriler_Üretim_Doc": [ "You were a master at assembling even the chips. Building a structure from any material is not difficult for you.", "Whenever something breaks, they call you. Sometimes they might even wonder why they didn't marry you. You can handle everything and repair anything.", "You know the stories behind items and their purposes. This allows you to turn what everyone sees as trash into a treasure.", "When faced with any problem, your engineering skills allow you to come up with solutions quickly. Without someone like you, the world might not have even invented the wheel yet.", "A bit of history, a bit of geography, a bit of food, a bit of music... You have some knowledge in every field. You might seem ruthless to some people because you speak only the truth.", "You always know the value of everything. This can sometimes make people see you as a ruthless person, but you're just stating the facts." ],
"Beceriler_Yankesici": [ "Lock picking", "Infiltration", "Dexterity", "Trap setting", "Pickpocketing", "Thievery" ],
"Beceriler_Yankesici_Doc": [ "Anyone can open a door when they have the key. But if someone needs to open a lock without a key, that's you.", "If you need to get somewhere through a window or through a crowd, don't think, just slip in like a mist.", "No one can track your hands and fingers with a normal human eye. Especially when you hide things.", "You can set all kinds of traps without missing any details.", "I guess all the pockets in the world belong to you.", ".... ....... ....... . Do we need an explanation? What happened to the first sentence of the explanation?" ],
"ToolTip_ana_dil": "The language a person has been most proficient in since birth.",
"ToolTip_anne_adı": "The first name of the parent who gave birth to the person is written here.",
"ToolTip_baba_adı": "The name of the dysfunctional parent of the person is written here.",
"ToolTip_boy": "The height of the person, starting from the crust level where they are located, is written here.",
"ToolTip_cinsiyet": "The gender the person identifies with is written here.",
"ToolTip_dert": "It is the personal problem of the person.",
"ToolTip_ikincidil": "The other language the person learned through their own efforts or environmental factors is written here.",
"ToolTip_İlişki": "It is the relationship of the person with one of the other players closest to them.",
"ToolTip_isim": "The title or first name of the person, along with the second name, is written here.",
"ToolTip_Meslek": "The information that the person has a specific profession is written here.",
"ToolTip_ozgecmis": "It is a summary of the events that have happened to the person so far.",
"ToolTip_serbest": "It is a characteristic value perception that the person determines for themselves and can change over time.",
"ToolTip_soy_isim": "The family name or nickname of the person is written here.",
"ToolTip_tanimlayan": "It is a sentence in which the person describes themselves or how others around them define them.",
"ToolTip_yas": "It is the time passed from the moment the person opened their eyes to the world until now.",
"ToolTipözel_essa": "If the person has an object that they constantly carry with them or is important to them, it is written here." 
}
